10/02/2007    08:29:08 AM    from Nicole to All Attendees:	hello
10/02/2007    08:29:56 AM    from Nicole to All Attendees:	just waiting a few more minutes for some others
10/02/2007    08:30:38 AM    from Nicole to All Attendees:	wasila... what group are you from?
10/02/2007    08:30:58 AM    from Nicole to All Attendees:	hi melissa
10/02/2007    08:31:10 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	Hi!

10/02/2007    08:31:36 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	Hi David

10/02/2007    08:32:05 AM    from Nicole to All Attendees:	hi.  glad you all could make it to this new forum
10/02/2007    08:32:44 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	hey all, change your settings to all participants

10/02/2007    08:33:14 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	(otherwise nicole can't read)

10/02/2007    08:33:17 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	what does that change?
10/02/2007    08:33:18 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	oh.
10/02/2007    08:33:23 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	ok
10/02/2007    08:33:28 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	hi  there you are
10/02/2007    08:34:12 AM    from Paula Mabee to Host (privately):	Hi - have you started? (am I late?)
10/02/2007    08:34:23 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	hi paula.  nope, i'm waiting for jim...hoping he
10/02/2007    08:34:31 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	'll be joining us in a few to present
10/02/2007    08:36:21 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	are we all on video?  I can see Nicole, but can you all see me?
10/02/2007    08:36:33 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	jim's having a couple of technical problems getting into webex...  i'm helping him through it right now.
10/02/2007    08:37:08 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	I can only see Nicole
10/02/2007    08:37:25 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	hi wasila.  that's very wierd.  you can't see other participants?
10/02/2007    08:37:38 AM    from melissaH to Host (privately):	probably not very many of us have video

10/02/2007    08:37:46 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	I mean just the video...I can see everyone's chatting
10/02/2007    08:37:52 AM    from melissaH to Host (privately):	but its fun to watch nicole interact with her computer.....

10/02/2007    08:37:55 AM    from Lisa Fong to All Participants:	I can't see other participants on video either

10/02/2007    08:38:20 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	oh. not everyone has video.  only a few have cameras build in to their computers.  often we forget that its there.
10/02/2007    08:38:38 AM    from David OS to All Participants:	you wouldn't want to see my ugly mug anyway :)

10/02/2007    08:38:54 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	nice
10/02/2007    08:39:19 AM    from melissaH to Host (privately):	I saw paula and wasila! but alas, not david

10/02/2007    08:39:31 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	I have a built in camera (in my MacBook Pro), so maybe I have to turn somethi -- oh - wasila and I and Nicole just flashed in front of my eyes
10/02/2007    08:40:04 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	ok...jim is trying one more thing...
10/02/2007    08:40:38 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	just curiously, how many of you are on intel macs?
10/02/2007    08:40:55 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	I'm on an intel mac
10/02/2007    08:41:05 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	I am too
10/02/2007    08:41:08 AM    from Lisa Fong to All Participants:	I'm not

10/02/2007    08:41:18 AM    from melissaH to Host (privately):	not I

10/02/2007    08:41:26 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	not I

10/02/2007    08:42:17 AM    from David OS to All Participants:	PC

10/02/2007    08:42:29 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	ok...  if we can't get jim on in a couple minutes, i might have to shadow his presentation and present for him...
10/02/2007    08:42:48 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	i don't want to hold you all up for too long here
10/02/2007    08:43:04 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	so i guess we could do a little administrative stuff while i'm waiting for jim.
10/02/2007    08:45:31 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	how do you all feel about changing the day or time of this meeting.  right now it is set for first tuesday at 8:30, but there's a couple of conflicting phone calls at the same time. 
10/02/2007    08:45:43 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	perhaps to a wednesday morning?
10/02/2007    08:46:52 AM    from David OS to All Participants:	Thursday better for me.

10/02/2007    08:46:56 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	like if we did 'first wednesday' morning?
10/02/2007    08:47:04 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	sure, thursday works too.
10/02/2007    08:47:27 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	thursday is good for me too. weds would have to be later. 

10/02/2007    08:47:43 AM    from Lisa Fong to All Participants:	either Wed. or Thurs. works for me

10/02/2007    08:47:47 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	I am ok with Wed or Thurs
10/02/2007    08:48:32 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	okay.  hilmar, i'm going to make you presenter. 
10/02/2007    08:49:13 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	okay.  hilmar, to start sharing the presentation, you hyave to select share->presentation or share->desktop.  then you can go through the slides.  
10/02/2007    08:49:34 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	you can continue to chat here, or you can write messages over the presentation
10/02/2007    08:49:43 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	I know, but Jim is trying to use a different computer
10/02/2007    08:49:56 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	If that doesn't work he'll present from my machine
10/02/2007    08:49:57 AM    from mark to All Participants:	sorry im late - whats wed or thurs?
10/02/2007    08:50:13 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	the beginnings of rescheduling this meeting

10/02/2007    08:50:15 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	hi mark.  we're discussing moving the meeting because there's some conflicting phone calls
10/02/2007    08:50:28 AM    from mark to All Participants:	wed or thurs is good for me
10/02/2007    08:51:05 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	yes, Wed or Th fine for me too
10/02/2007    08:51:10 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	great.  i will make sure that the webex is free.  it seems like thurs might work for more of you.  iwill check the webex calendar, and then send out notice.  i'm hoping to move it to 9am, instead of 8am\
10/02/2007    08:51:27 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	( a half-hour)
10/02/2007    08:52:37 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	It looks we'
10/02/2007    08:52:43 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	re ready to present
10/02/2007    08:52:46 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	(theres oboedit meeting at 9:30 on thursdays)

10/02/2007    08:52:48 AM    from mark to All Participants:	is this a one time move or a permanent move?
10/02/2007    08:52:50 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	shouldn't there be some audio too?
10/02/2007    08:53:37 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	hilmar - no audio
10/02/2007    08:53:40 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	mark - perm
10/02/2007    08:54:35 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	can you guys see my desktop?
10/02/2007    08:54:46 AM    from David OS to All Participants:	yep

10/02/2007    08:55:11 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	yes

10/02/2007    08:55:13 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	so Jim's going to demo the features now - are we ready?
10/02/2007    08:55:21 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	yep
10/02/2007    08:55:33 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	hi, this is Jim
10/02/2007    08:55:37 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	hi jim
10/02/2007    08:55:45 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	sorry about the delay!
10/02/2007    08:55:58 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	your screen is very small

10/02/2007    08:56:38 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	can that be adjusted?
10/02/2007    08:56:55 AM    from David OS to All Participants:	Might be bigger display for use if you share phenote as application rather than whole desktop?

10/02/2007    08:57:08 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	maybe
10/02/2007    08:57:45 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	how is that?
10/02/2007    08:57:53 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	sharing Phenote now
10/02/2007    08:58:30 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	is that working for people - should I begin?
10/02/2007    08:58:41 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	I see all green..hang on, maybe a setting?

10/02/2007    08:58:49 AM    from mark to All Participants:	i see all green
10/02/2007    08:58:57 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	yep, all i see is green
10/02/2007    08:58:57 AM    from yvonne to All Participants:	I also see only green

10/02/2007    08:59:19 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	I will switch back to desktop
10/02/2007    08:59:58 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	I see you now

10/02/2007    08:59:59 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	how is that?
10/02/2007    09:00:13 AM    from yvonne to All Participants:	much better thank you

10/02/2007    09:00:38 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	I will show you the "Specimen List"
10/02/2007    09:00:38 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	btw, for those of you who might still be typing in that little box, click on the chat icon (word bubble icon)

10/02/2007    09:01:06 AM    from David OS to All Participants:	zoom in menu under sharing also helps

10/02/2007    09:01:17 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	phenote is weirdly sliding around my screen
10/02/2007    09:01:38 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	the Specimen List shows a subset of the fields on the main window
10/02/2007    09:02:00 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	a taxonomic publication will typically cover a set list of specimens
10/02/2007    09:02:05 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	oh yes, thanks david

10/02/2007    09:02:28 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	each specimen is used over and over again for different characters
10/02/2007    09:02:32 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	we've lost the application now, or at least I have

10/02/2007    09:02:41 AM    from mark2 to All Participants:	yea i dont have it
10/02/2007    09:02:43 AM    from yvonne to All Participants:	me too

10/02/2007    09:02:52 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	better?
10/02/2007    09:03:05 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	I can see the right half now

10/02/2007    09:03:08 AM    from yvonne to All Participants:	yes

10/02/2007    09:03:09 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	and each character may apply to many specimens
10/02/2007    09:03:28 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	so the specimen list lets the curator enter each specimen and then use them repeatedly
10/02/2007    09:03:34 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	I'll open some data
10/02/2007    09:03:37 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	my view of the desktop is very large - how do I zoom out?
10/02/2007    09:03:53 AM    from mark2 to All Participants:	yea i can only see a corner of the screen
10/02/2007    09:04:10 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	I can't see Hilmar's full screen.  Is there a setting I need to choose?
10/02/2007    09:04:11 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	little down arrow, then view, then change %

10/02/2007    09:04:58 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	much better!
10/02/2007    09:05:03 AM    from yvonne to All Participants:	that's great thanks!

10/02/2007    09:05:05 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	I lowered Hilmar's resolutino
10/02/2007    09:05:09 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	he has a huge screen
10/02/2007    09:05:12 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	wonderful now
10/02/2007    09:05:19 AM    from David OS to All Participants:	much better. 

10/02/2007    09:05:31 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	good
10/02/2007    09:05:33 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	you can see the list of specimens now
10/02/2007    09:05:34 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	yes, now i can see everything
10/02/2007    09:05:44 AM    from Lisa Fong to All Participants:	yes, much better

10/02/2007    09:05:54 AM    from mark to All Participants:	yes
10/02/2007    09:06:10 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	much better

10/02/2007    09:06:24 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	the curator can check a box next to the specimen they want to annotate, and then generate a character with the specimen info pre-filled in on the main window
10/02/2007    09:07:26 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	if multiple specimens have the same phenotype, you can check more buttons, and they will all be selected after copying to main window
10/02/2007    09:08:14 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	there are a few features for changing the selection...
10/02/2007    09:08:44 AM    from mark to All Participants:	cool!
10/02/2007    09:08:50 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	often the curator will want to apply the same phenotype to a group of related specimens
10/02/2007    09:08:58 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	so we can enter a phylogenetic tree
10/02/2007    09:09:39 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	the taxa in the tree are IDs from the teleost taxonomic ontology
10/02/2007    09:10:29 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	I borrowed the tree code from JEBL - the Java Evolutionary Biology Library
10/02/2007    09:10:43 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	you can select a node, and the choose the matching specimens....
10/02/2007    09:11:02 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	so those specimens are now checked off
10/02/2007    09:11:12 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	Wow that is so cool!

10/02/2007    09:11:39 AM    from yvonne to All Participants:	so very cool! I really like the phylogeny tree functions.

10/02/2007    09:11:40 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	very nice
10/02/2007    09:11:49 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	only other thing to show maybe is the filter
10/02/2007    09:11:54 AM    from mark to All Participants:	yea cool
10/02/2007    09:12:15 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	right now it just matches text in any column
10/02/2007    09:12:27 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	our curators would like it to be ontology-enabled
10/02/2007    09:12:47 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	so we could choose a term and see rows that match subclasses of that term
10/02/2007    09:13:10 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	(this would assume a good fish ontology......)

10/02/2007    09:13:29 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	yes, ontology enabled would be great.  could also apply to phenotypes too
10/02/2007    09:13:35 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	I think that covers the features we've added so far
10/02/2007    09:13:37 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	(PATO)
10/02/2007    09:13:52 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	yeah, I would like you to be able to choose which column to search on
10/02/2007    09:14:01 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	nice
10/02/2007    09:14:06 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	me likey
10/02/2007    09:14:15 AM    from mark to All Participants:	yea nice
10/02/2007    09:14:28 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	any comments from Paula or Wasila?
10/02/2007    09:14:44 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	(they are using this now)
10/02/2007    09:14:48 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	one feature i've been tinking of adding is the ability to fetch an abstract from pubmed given an id or a author set.  would that be useful?
10/02/2007    09:14:52 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	I couldn't see where you were typing to do the filter...sometimes webex goes by too fast.

10/02/2007    09:14:52 AM    from Lisa Fong to All Participants:	i'm sorry, but i need to get going to a class...thank you everyone

10/02/2007    09:15:06 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	thanks lisa!
10/02/2007    09:15:09 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	looks great and works smoothly so far
10/02/2007    09:15:12 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	okay - it's on the bottom near the buttons
10/02/2007    09:15:17 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	No, you've done a nice job of explaining.  You could show off some of the phylogeny formatting features though - that may have gone quickly.  The phylogeny taxon chooser feature really is great.
10/02/2007    09:15:35 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	oh I see, and you could eventually have some toggle for the different fields?

10/02/2007    09:15:42 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	yes
10/02/2007    09:15:48 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	very nice

10/02/2007    09:15:56 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	and make the field be an ontology term-completer
10/02/2007    09:16:47 AM    from mark to All Participants:	yea i didt quite get how the phylogeny ended up
10/02/2007    09:16:53 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	oh that's cool - i didn't know you could add labels to the tree!
10/02/2007    09:17:05 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	yes
10/02/2007    09:17:41 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	that will make selecting nodes easier visually
10/02/2007    09:17:53 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	Mark - you mean how it selects specimens?
10/02/2007    09:17:53 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	could you show them how to enter a tree in Newick and then draw?  E.g. human chimp gorilla?
10/02/2007    09:17:55 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	okay
10/02/2007    09:17:59 AM    from mark to All Participants:	yea - how does it then manifest in the other window?
10/02/2007    09:18:25 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	(press return after inputting)
10/02/2007    09:19:21 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	when you hit apply selection, it looks for specimens with matching taxon names
10/02/2007    09:19:27 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	actually taxon ontology IDs
10/02/2007    09:19:55 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	that one shouldn't be matching! :-)
10/02/2007    09:20:46 AM    from mark to All Participants:	oh i see it then selects in template the taxon selected and its descendants?
10/02/2007    09:21:05 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	it actually just matches based on the selected tips
10/02/2007    09:21:11 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	right now
10/02/2007    09:21:21 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	you can also de-select some of the descendents (selected tips)
10/02/2007    09:21:25 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	but in the tree when you select an ancestor it auto-selects the tips
10/02/2007    09:21:50 AM    from mark to All Participants:	oh right as the tips are the things that matter
10/02/2007    09:22:15 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	the specimen list should only have species in it, which should be the tree tips
10/02/2007    09:22:42 AM    from mark to All Participants:	so is this all being used at the moment?
10/02/2007    09:23:06 AM    from mark to All Participants:	oh cool
10/02/2007    09:23:15 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	yes, Wasila and Paula have been entering some data, I think mostly for testing
10/02/2007    09:23:27 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	we are still getting the taxonomic ontology going
10/02/2007    09:23:36 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	the one installed now is a small test version
10/02/2007    09:23:57 AM    from mark to All Participants:	i would love to be cc'd on any phenote feedback
10/02/2007    09:24:14 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	Wasila is full time scientific curator on this project and John Lundberg is part time.  They are entering most of the data at the moment.  We are all working to make sure that the concepts we want reflected in the db are working
10/02/2007    09:24:17 AM    from mark to All Participants:	i guess thats where tracker items for  phenotemapper are coming from
10/02/2007    09:24:23 AM    from mark to All Participants:	which is great!
10/02/2007    09:24:46 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	yep, I suggested to Wasila to start using the tracker
10/02/2007    09:24:48 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	yes, i'll be sure to post to the Phenote Tracker 
10/02/2007    09:25:07 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	if anyone wants them, we could send you our first curated file, Newick tree, and specimen list so they can play with them
10/02/2007    09:25:32 AM    from mark to All Participants:	so wasila how are you finding phenote - how is it?
10/02/2007    09:25:37 AM    from mark to All Participants:	and paula
10/02/2007    09:26:07 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	It's been very useful. Jim has been very responsive in making updates and changes
10/02/2007    09:26:16 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	seems great so far!
10/02/2007    09:26:23 AM    from mark to All Participants:	yea jim has really added a lot of great stuff
10/02/2007    09:26:55 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	is Jim on (with Hilmar)?  
10/02/2007    09:27:03 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	yes - I am actually Jim
10/02/2007    09:27:10 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	!!! hi!
10/02/2007    09:27:18 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	I couldn't get webex working on my computer for some reason
10/02/2007    09:27:43 AM    from mark to All Participants:	any issues with phenote you wanna chat about?
10/02/2007    09:28:16 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	our group is looking forward to the work on the temporary term requester
10/02/2007    09:28:22 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	I haven't told them much about it yet
10/02/2007    09:28:27 AM    from mark to All Participants:	nicole is working on that
10/02/2007    09:28:35 AM    from mark to All Participants:	nicole you wanna discuuss
10/02/2007    09:28:48 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	there's some backend stuff that needs to get resolved...
10/02/2007    09:28:54 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	yes it will be useful to have a "place holder" for terms still in discussion on trackers
10/02/2007    09:29:24 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	we're needing to discuss some of the policy details with some of the other pontology producers.  
10/02/2007    09:29:25 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	Hilmar and I (Jim) will have to  run in a few minutes
10/02/2007    09:30:12 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	thanks everybody for your patience in getting started
10/02/2007    09:30:22 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	but the idea is that you can suggest a new term/def/other info and then it would get submitted to the particular ontology tracker that is appropriate, and then you'd get a temporary ID.  ...
10/02/2007    09:30:25 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	thans for the presentation - great to see it in action
10/02/2007    09:30:32 AM    from mark to All Participants:	melissa /david/yvonne - any interest in the templater?
10/02/2007    09:30:54 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	(didn't mean to jump in the middle of Nicole's explanation)
10/02/2007    09:30:59 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	once the ontology curators resolve the issue, then the temporary term will get obsoleted and then replaced by the permanent term.
10/02/2007    09:31:04 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	(no prob)
10/02/2007    09:31:05 AM    from mark to All Participants:	sorry nicole go ahead
10/02/2007    09:31:19 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	and hopefully this will be all automatic.
10/02/2007    09:31:27 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	so you would submit the new term via Phenote (not directly to the tracker website)?
10/02/2007    09:31:36 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	we're trying to figure out how to do this without having to have everyone have a sourceforge account
10/02/2007    09:31:47 AM    from yvonne to All Participants:	that would swell!

10/02/2007    09:32:10 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	right, you'd submit with a little interface in phenote, and there'd be some under-the-hood delagating the term to the appropriate ontology
10/02/2007    09:32:29 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	very cool!
10/02/2007    09:33:06 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	okay, we will need to go - if any other groups are interested in using the character templating functionality (specimen list), let me know
10/02/2007    09:33:19 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	its probably 1-2 months out...  i'll send out a link you can play with a version that's been put together over the web, you can send back comments, and we can integrate the interface directly into phenote.
10/02/2007    09:33:21 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	we could talk about any adapting needed
10/02/2007    09:33:22 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	yes I agree it could be very helpful. However, I would worry about a number of things.

10/02/2007    09:33:30 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	ok...thanks so much jim!
10/02/2007    09:33:36 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	bye, thank you
10/02/2007    09:33:44 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	(jim - i think suzi will be really interested in this functionality!)
10/02/2007    09:33:45 AM    from mark to All Participants:	thanks
10/02/2007    09:33:45 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	bye jim, fantastic work!

10/02/2007    09:33:52 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	thanks jim
10/02/2007    09:33:52 AM    from Hilmar Lapp to All Participants:	okay, good
10/02/2007    09:33:58 AM    from David OS to All Participants:	cheers jim

10/02/2007    09:34:03 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	bye and thanks!
10/02/2007    09:34:04 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	its really nice to see it take off after all our meetings dreaming of these very functions

10/02/2007    09:34:05 AM    from yvonne to All Participants:	bye jim

10/02/2007    09:34:34 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	ok...and last thing.  i'll send out emails about moving the meeting to the first thursday of the month.  you'll see those emails soon.
10/02/2007    09:34:44 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	also, how do you like the webex forum?
10/02/2007    09:35:34 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	so, my concerns are: 1) if the term is rejected by the ontology editor 2) if the term is misplaced in the ontology 3) if the term is already in the onotology 3) coordination between terms requested in phenote vs. tracker only, theres probably more... sorry for being a thorn

10/02/2007    09:35:53 AM    from David OS to All Participants:	I agree with Melissa - the term request thing needs more discussion - especially anything that allows temporary place-holder terms

10/02/2007    09:35:57 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	love webex when it works

10/02/2007    09:36:48 AM    from yvonne to All Participants:	webex is just fine with me

10/02/2007    09:36:53 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	i'd like to hear more about hte temporary tracker discussion - will you all have it on teh phentoe mailing list?
10/02/2007    09:36:55 AM    from David OS to All Participants:	Guess it might be OK as long as those place-holders never get an ID and therefore are not loadable

10/02/2007    09:37:03 AM    
10/02/2007    09:37:22 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	yeah...maybe we should take this to the list... that way all these issues can get discussed
10/02/2007    09:38:08 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	Are any/all of you going to the Biocurator meeting?  Do you have any Phenote togetherness plans?
10/02/2007    09:38:17 AM    from mark to All Participants:	im going
10/02/2007    09:38:27 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	i'll be there
10/02/2007    09:38:30 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	yvonne and I are going

10/02/2007    09:38:31 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	oh!  yes.  there's going to be a phenote during the ontology best practices workshop.
10/02/2007    09:38:34 AM    from yvonne to All Participants:	thanks mel

10/02/2007    09:38:42 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	Jim and John are going (as am I)
10/02/2007    09:38:52 AM    from mark to All Participants:	we should probably have a phenote pow wow of some sort
10/02/2007    09:38:56 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	and we'll have a poster too
10/02/2007    09:38:58 AM    from mark to All Participants:	much easier to chat in person
10/02/2007    09:39:01 AM    from David OS to All Participants:	I'll be there

10/02/2007    09:39:16 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	i would love that...   perhaps during a happy hour after the sat workshop?
10/02/2007    09:39:30 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	is phenote pow wow = "phenote during the ontology best practices workshop"?
10/02/2007    09:39:31 AM    from yvonne to All Participants:	that sounds good

10/02/2007    09:39:39 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	nice

10/02/2007    09:39:52 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	ok - happy hour too, I get it
10/02/2007    09:39:53 AM    from mark to All Participants:	no the workshop will just be a quick demo
10/02/2007    09:40:01 AM    from mark to All Participants:	wont be time to get into it as much i think
10/02/2007    09:40:06 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	right
10/02/2007    09:40:56 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	okay.  then i'm going to move the term request policy discussion to the list.  and i'll send out notices about any change to the meeting as well.  
10/02/2007    09:41:16 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	also, if we change the timeslot, we'd have a teleconference phone number available.
10/02/2007    09:42:30 AM    from mark2 to All Participants:	sounds good
10/02/2007    09:42:37 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	ok...great then.  thank you all for coming.  i'll also put up some instructions if you want to play with his configuration and practice files
10/02/2007    09:42:45 AM    from David OS to All Participants:	OK.  That chat actually works well for me though.  Means I can do this in the main office

10/02/2007    09:43:03 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	I like the chat too.

10/02/2007    09:43:15 AM    from yvonne to All Participants:	me too - I like the chat..

10/02/2007    09:43:38 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	ok.  sounds goo.
10/02/2007    09:43:53 AM    from David OS to All Participants:	OK - see you in San Jose...

10/02/2007    09:44:18 AM    from Wasila Dahdul to All Participants:	ok, thanks!
10/02/2007    09:44:24 AM    from Nicole to All Participants:	great... see you soon!
10/02/2007    09:44:29 AM    from Paula Mabee to All Participants:	bye, thanks!
10/02/2007    09:44:29 AM    from melissaH to All Participants:	bye!

10/02/2007    09:44:35 AM    from yvonne to All Participants:	bye!

10/02/2007    09:44:36 AM    from mark2 to All Participants:	bye 
